Update README to include signing key config (#347)
theforeman/theforeman-rel-eng: README.md

gopass edit theforeman/jenkins-token --create
```

> For pushing tags in theforeman repositories, you will need to sign your commits. To do so, add your gpg key id as your signing key for git by running:

Reviewer: I'd move this under the general `Setup` section, not `Gopass`. It's also not pushing tags to the repos, but rather creating signed tags. Pushing is the step beyond that. Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
Foreman requires GPG signed git tags. Configure git with your personal gpg key id as your signing key:
```
